Things to keep in mind 

    Warlord Faction 1: Pirates (Alexandria)
    The Pirates need a port (or several... the only warlord to have a reach 
        beyond his borders??). Lets say there are 5 ports connected to major 
        continents/cities and they must adhere to following rules:
            1 port to major city/closest port to major city of every continent 
            (3 main continents) 
            1 port to two other warlords - one ally and one strongest trade partner 
        The Sea thus should accomodate to the pirates being viable allies in nearly 
        every country - create vast seaways 
    
    Warlord Faction 2: Sand Dwarves (GIZA)
        These guys need a desert surrounded by mountains on 3 sides, sea exposed to 
        4th side with access to a port
        This faction is very technologically advanced and their architecture should 
        reflect that - there are actual universities in the desert because of these 
        dudes 

    Warlord Faction 3: Orc/Human/HalfOrc Monks (Halicarnassus)
        A monastic order that sprawls across a continent very similar to asia. This 
        is the most spread warlord by land, as this warlord (despite ruling warrior 
        monks) uses aggression and war as a last option. 
        These guys are basically kung fu jesus farmers and need LOTSA land to cultivate
        their crops 
        The Capitol of this faction should be at the highest elevated spot in the 
        country, on the tops of mountains so high they pass clouds in height 

    Warlord Faction 4: Elves of the Cradle of Life (Artemis)
        This faction is the first of magic supporters (rest of list is pro-magic) and
        is comprised entirely of elves that hold slightly more extreme beliefs than 
        the rest of their race. They are not content to simply appreciate the beauty 
        of nature the rest of their lives - they reside in a GIGANTIC magical forest 
        that is hyper dangerous to anyone unprepared. 

    Warlord Faction 5: The Giants of The Wastelands (Rhodes)
        This faction lives in fuckin' wastelands - a part of its continent that has 
        been physically and literally torn asunder. They live in the remnants of a 
        great ripple that destroyed a large portion of the world many years ago. They 
        have created a sprawling civilization out of craters and residual magical 
        energy still latent in the aftermath of the nightmarish devistation. 
        Make a giant scar of a great wound in the earth and plant these fuckers here. 
        These guys need some way to still communicate with potential allies. 

    Warlord Faction 6: The Order of Man Anew (Olympia)
        This faction is the most generic in the sense that all aspects of this 
        society are a blend of all other aspects. As a result, their needs are basic 
        and they are self sustaining due to their land containing nearly everything 
        they need outside of luxury resources. 

    Warlord Faction 7:   (Babylon)
        A faction that seems relatively unassuming at first but quickly outgrowns the 
        rest of the factions. This area is obscured even on most maps as cartographers 
        have never actually been allowed into this region. It is a self-governing kingdom
        that closely deals with a select grouping of traders, a group highly organized 
        and incredibly discreet in their dealings. Much plotting is occurring here in 
        phase 1 and perhaps even a delayed emergence in phase 3? 

Much of that has nothing to do with region/cities/etc...